= Tumblrizer

Many news' sites have ugly and uninteresting images, and tumblr have plenty of good ones, so why not replace the latter with the former ?

This app act as a proxy that replace a site's images with image grabbed from tumblr.

---

Sur de nombreux sites de news les images sont moches et pas intéressantes, et tumblr regorge d'excellentes images, pourquoi ne pas remplacer les premières par les secondes ?

Cette application s'utilise comme un proxy qui remplace les images d'un sites pas des images issues de tumblr.

= Instructions

Deploy the application on your server and edit the config.ru file to set the database connection and initial tumblr.

= LICENSE

Exept files with their own copyright license:

Copyright (c) 2010, Julien Kirch
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
Neither the name of BiteScript nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.